_pages/Accomodation.md, before:

---
 layout: archive
 permalink: /_pages/Accomodation/
 title: "Accomodation"
 header:
   overlay_image: "/assets/images/city.jpg"
 author_profile: false  
---

# UWA colleges

Several colleges in close proximity to UWA and the conference venue provide accommodation:

## St Catherine's on Park

<http://www.stcatherinesonpark.com.au>

St Catherine's is also the venue for the conference, and so provides a very short walk to the talks! A variety of studio and bedroom apartments are available, starting from $190.

## Trinity on Hampden

<http://www.trinityonhampden.com.au/guest-accommodation/>

Trinity provides 30 "premium" (3.5 star) guest rooms starting from $130.
Trinity is only a short (5 minute) walk from venue.

# Perth City CBD

There are lots of hotels in the CBD, which is a 15 minute bus ride away from the conference venue. The 950 bus regularly travels between UWA and the Perth CBD.

You can book rooms at the Hilton hotel at a discounted rate of $235 per night.  We will post a link for you to book directly with the hotel soon.

Commit message:

added Hilton link and UniHall info

_pages/Accomodation.md, after:

---
 layout: archive
 permalink: /_pages/Accomodation/
 title: "Accomodation"
 header:
   overlay_image: "/assets/images/city.jpg"
 author_profile: false  
---

# UWA colleges

Several colleges in close proximity to UWA and the conference venue provide accommodation:

## St Catherine's on Park

<http://www.stcatherinesonpark.com.au>

St Catherine's is also the venue for the conference, and so provides a very short walk to the talks! A variety of studio and bedroom apartments are available, starting from $190.

## Trinity on Hampden

<http://www.trinityonhampden.com.au/guest-accommodation/>

Trinity provides 30 "premium" (3.5 star) guest rooms starting from $130.
Trinity is only a short (5 minute) walk from venue.

## University Hall

Uni Hall has a small number of single rooms for approximately $50 with shared bathrooms on each floor and guests have access to a kitchenette area. Contact bookings@unihall.uwa.edu.au for more information. 

# Perth City CBD

There are lots of hotels in the CBD, which is a 15 minute bus ride away from the conference venue. The 950 bus regularly travels between UWA and the Perth CBD.

You can book rooms at the Hilton hotel at a discounted rate of $235 per night.

The following link will allow you to book rooms until the 15th Jan. You'll need to quote the group code 'GUWAN' to access the special rate.

<https://secure3.hilton.com/en_US/hi/reservation/book.htm?inputModule=HOTEL&ctyhocn=PERHITW&spec_plan=GUWAN&arrival=20180212&departure=20180216&cid=OM,WW,HILTONLINK,EN,DirectLink&fromId=HILTONLINKDIRECT>
