_pages/Workshops.md, before:

---
 layout: archive
 permalink: /_pages/Workshops/
 title: "Workshops"
 header:
   overlay_image: "/assets/images/water.jpg"
 author_profile: false  
---

On the 13th February we will host two pre-conference workshops.

## Workshop A: Professional Development Symposium

Panel Discussion on Gender and STEM

Discussant: Prof Amy Criss, Syracuse University (USA)

This career development workshop aims to promote gender equality and diversity in mathematical psychology. Discussion will be facilitated by Prof Amy Criss. Prof Criss is Head of Discipline (Psychology) at Syracuse, a world-leading expert in the computational modelling of human memory. Prof Criss has been [substantially involved](http://memolab.syr.edu/Pride.html) in efforts to enhance diversity in undergraduate students, and was President of the Society for Mathematical Psychology. Prof Criss involvement is supported by UWA's Institute of Advanced Studies.

Everyone is welcome to attend this discussion-based workshop. If you have any topics that you would like to see covered in this panel discussion or you would like to contribute to the 
discussion as a panel member, please contact Alice Mason (alice.mason@uwa.edu.au).

## Workshop B

More details coming soon.

Commit message:

added state trace analysis workshop details

_pages/Workshops.md, after:

---
 layout: archive
 permalink: /_pages/Workshops/
 title: "Workshops"
 header:
   overlay_image: "/assets/images/water.jpg"
 author_profile: false  
---

On the 13th February we will host two pre-conference workshops.

## Workshop A: Professional Development Symposium (Morning)

Panel Discussion on Gender and STEM

Discussant: Prof Amy Criss, Syracuse University (USA)

This career development workshop aims to promote gender equality and diversity in mathematical psychology. Discussion will be facilitated by Prof Amy Criss. Prof Criss is Head of Discipline (Psychology) at Syracuse, a world-leading expert in the computational modelling of human memory. Prof Criss has been [substantially involved](http://memolab.syr.edu/Pride.html) in efforts to enhance diversity in undergraduate students, and was President of the Society for Mathematical Psychology. Prof Criss involvement is supported by UWA's Institute of Advanced Studies.

Everyone is welcome to attend this discussion-based workshop. If you have any topics that you would like to see covered in this panel discussion or you would like to contribute to the 
discussion as a panel member, please contact Alice Mason (alice.mason@uwa.edu.au).

## Workshop B: Workshop on State-trace Analysis (Afternoon)

Presenters: John Dunn, Mike Kalish, Rachel Stephens

The aim of this workshop is to provide a brief introduction to the application of state-trace analysis (STA) to psychological data based on the book,

Dunn, J.C. & Kalish, M. L. (in press). *State-trace analysis*. Springer.

The following aspects will be covered:

1.       Brief introduction to the logic of STA
2.       Fitting the monotonic model
3.       Analysis of continuous data
4.       Analysis of discrete data

Participants will use the custom STACMR software package developed by the authors. This will require that either Matlab or R be installed (both are supported), as well as java. Any version of java on or after version 1.7 is good. If java is not installed, it can be downloaded from [http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html](http://www.oracle.com/technetwork/java/javase/downloads/jre8-downloads-2133155.html).

In addition, participants should download the following files:

* [State-trace analysis.pdf (a copy of the book)](/assets/statetrace/sta.pdf)
* [STACMR-matlab.zip (if using Matlab)](/assets/statetrace/STACMR-matlab.zip)
* [STACMR-R.zip (if using R)](/assets/statetrace/STACMR-R.zip)
